[Style guide] Grammar and Formatting (#9263)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/grammar-and-formatting/external-references.md

---
pcx_content_type: Concept
title: External References
---

## External References

> When referencing external resources, make sure you're linking to a trustworthy source that is recognized as an authority. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When referencing external resources, ensure that you are linking to a trustworthy source that is recognized as an authority. 
```

For general websites, consider the following recommendations about the link text:

- Use the website name if you're linking to the home page.

> - Use the page name if you're linking to a specific page.

Reviewer: remove contractions

- Authoritative sources for documents such as RFCs can have their own specific format for references, such as the RFC number.

> Note: When linking to a Cloudflare blog post, sometimes we use only "blog post" for the link text.

Reviewer: another note

## Referencing RFCs

A Request for Comments (RFC) document is a formal document produced by different entities such as the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), covering many aspects of computer networking. RFCs describe the Internet's technical foundations, such as addressing, routing, and transport technologies.

> Use the following formatting when referencing an RFC:
> 
> RFC <number>    (RFC, space, number up to four digits)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following formatting when referencing an RFC: 
RFC <number>    (RFC, space, number up to four digits)
```

>     RFC <number>   
>     (RFC, space, number up to four digits)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RFC <number>   
(RFC, space, number up to four digits)
```

> For example:
> CAA is a new DNS resource record type defined in RFC 6844.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: CAA is a new DNS resource record type defined in RFC 6844.
```

## Links
When linking to an RFC (or RFC section), consider using a link to the following website, which is the authoritative source according to IETF:
https://www.rfc-editor.org

> To get the link:

Reviewer: I'm debating whether we should make this line into an H3, wdyt?
```suggestion
To get the link:
```

Author: I think it's too soon after the "Link" heading to make it an H3. If a reader wanted to find how to get the link, they'd still find it easily
